you need to disable this one setting now
to improve input latency and optimize
your windows for gaming and performance
the setting is called hdcp and disabling
it can improve FPS and reduce latency
for both Windows 10 and windows 11 by
optimizing your CPU processing so let's
dive into it but first what is hdcp so
hdcp or high bandwidth digital content
protection according to its Wikipedia
definition is a form of digital copy
protection that is developed by Intel to
prevent copying of digital audio and
video content as it travels across
different connection types so basically
it prevents unauthorized access to
highdefinition media that is used by
many streaming platforms such as Netflix
and by disabling it for both AMD and
Nvidia gpus many people have seen a
noticeable increase in the performance
of their Windows most importantly an
increase in the smoothness of the mouse
and keyboard inputs or latency decrease
you can look up on Google too about
disabling hdcp if you want to conduct
your own research and I will also leave
an article from where I learned about
the setting in the description so you
can take a look at it if you have any
questions but here inside of this video
I will show you a manual method first
and then an automatic method both of
which will work for all Nvidia and AMD
gpus as both of them use the same
registry keys starting with the manual
method go ahead and open up your start
menu and search for reg edit go ahead
and open up the registry editor and
inside of here what you want to do is
expand down the edkey local machine then
system expand it down from there go
ahead and expand the current control set
then go ahead and expand down the
control after that click on class and
expand it down and inside of here you
will find a bunch of values that are
labeled with these string of numbers now
what we are looking for here is actually
our gpg CL guu ID which we can find from
the device manager so all you need to do
is open up start menu once again and
this time type in the device manager and
then go ahead and open it up once the
device manager opens up click on the
display adopters and expand it down then
right click on your graphics carde and
click on properties inside of here go
into the details and under the
properties drop down menu go ahead and
select the class du ID now this is the
number that we looking for and all you
need to do is right click on it and
click on copy now going inside of here
go ahead and click on this address bar
type in a forward slash and then paste
the number that you just copied and hit
enter now it should have opened up a key
inside of the navigation bar right here
so all you need to do is click on the
first folder that says 00 0 and just to
double check that you are inside of the
right key you can go ahead and look for
this string called the hardware
information. adapter string so if this
is present here go ahead and double
click on it and it says your GPU name
then that confirms that you are inside
of the right key so now that you have
found the right key go ahead and right
click anywhere in the empty space right
here click on new and then click on dord
32-bit value now naming this value is
really important so make sure that you
go ahead and name it just like me as I
have right here so it's RMH DCP and key
Globe zero go ahead and hit enter and
now the key should be created go ahead
and double click on it to open it up and
inside of the value data just go ahead
and simply type in one make sure that
the base is set to hexadecimal and hit
okay now you can close out of the
registry and you can go ahead and
restart your PC and then launch into
your games but you should also be able
to see a noticeable increase in the
smoothness of your mouse cursor right
after restarting your PC and now moving
on to the automatic method go down into
the description of this video and
download the DHCP do regge from my
website once you have it downloaded all
you need to do is double click on it hit
yes and then hit okay and now the
registry should have been autom
automatically applied once again to
properly apply the setting simply go
ahead and restart your PC you will also
find the enable hdcp do R just in case
that you want to reenable the setting
for some reason but now that you are
done here go ahead and check out this
video to disable these two bios settings
to optimize your windows for ultimate
gaming and performance
[Music]